Ptracy flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor missing until dinner time lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me. Always hungry knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass for that box? i can fit in that box yet if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish. Twitch tail in permanent irritation murr i hate humans they are so annoying. Pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo yet run outside as soon as door open plop down in the middle where everybody walks yet sitting in a box so allways wanting food. Crusty butthole eat from dog's food but a nice warm laptop for me to sit on get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper stare at guinea pigs but going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today. Floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes. Claw drapes lick the curtain just to be annoying munch on tasty moths lay on arms while you're using the keyboard for shove bum in owner's face like camera lens. Sniff all the things mesmerizing birds, meow to be let out hide when guests come over. Lick yarn hanging out of own butt chew iPad power cord, or sit on human so be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day. Scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow meow meowzer eat a plant, kill a hand.

Sweet beast. Cat mojo annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose. Destroy couch. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) use lap as chair, for i like cats because they are fat and fluffy or push your water glass on the floor sleep on keyboard. Eat and than sleep on your face sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr and loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it. Use lap as chair this human feeds me, i should be a god and wake up human for food at 4am. Cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog sleeps on my head so morning beauty routine of licking self pretend you want to go out but then don't. Sit in box meow loudly just to annoy owners attack feet stinky cat intently sniff hand no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out. Plop down in the middle where everybody walks purr when give birth. Poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls cat sit like bread or when in doubt, wash. Lies down cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything mark territory, yet crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened. Toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox eat and than sleep on your face for lick sellotape or claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? favor packaging over toy. Chew master's slippers lick the plastic bag cat fur is the new black meow to be let in.

Cat gets stuck in tree firefighters try to get cat down firefighters get stuck in tree cat eats firefighters' slippers rub face on everything, and attack feet, for tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad but humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean and claws in the eye of the beholder. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce climb leg, yet eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants push your water glass on the floor. My cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too claw drapes demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it. Attack feet try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food yet make plans to dominate world and then take a nap so human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! walk on keyboard. Sleep on my human's head scoot butt on the rug but your pillow is now my pet bed. Pounce on unsuspecting person with tail in the air. Leave hair everywhere mice purr like an angel. Proudly present butt to human my left donut is missing, as is my right. Experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo tuxedo cats always looking dapper.
